

mod.tyoda.kingdomsails.sail.jenn = sails/sail.wom?sailMat.texture=jenn.dds
mod.tyoda.kingdomsails.sail.molr = sails/sail.wom?sailMat.texture=molr.dds
mod.tyoda.kingdomsails.sail.hots = sails/sail.wom?sailMat.texture=hots.dds
mod.tyoda.kingdomsails.sail.zjen = sails/sail.wom?sailMat.texture=zjen.dds
mod.tyoda.kingdomsails.sail.empi = sails/sail.wom?sailMat.texture=empi.dds
mod.tyoda.kingdomsails.sail.blac = sails/sail.wom?sailMat.texture=blac.dds
mod.tyoda.kingdomsails.sail.ebon = sails/sail.wom?sailMat.texture=ebon.dds
mod.tyoda.kingdomsails.sail.king = sails/sail.wom?sailMat.texture=king.dds
mod.tyoda.kingdomsails.sail.ther = sails/sail.wom?sailMat.texture=ther.dds
mod.tyoda.kingdomsails.sail.mace = sails/sail.wom?sailMat.texture=mace.dds
mod.tyoda.kingdomsails.sail.drea = sails/sail.wom?sailMat.texture=drea.dds
mod.tyoda.kingdomsails.sail.thec = sails/sail.wom?sailMat.texture=thec.dds
mod.tyoda.kingdomsails.sail.pand = sails/sail.wom?sailMat.texture=pand.dds
mod.tyoda.kingdomsails.sail.legi = sails/sail.wom?sailMat.texture=legi.dds
mod.tyoda.kingdomsails.sail.wurm = sails/sail.wom?sailMat.texture=wurm.dds
mod.tyoda.kingdomsails.sail.yval = sails/sail.wom?sailMat.texture=yval.dds
mod.tyoda.kingdomsails.sail.apoc = sails/sail.wom?sailMat.texture=apoc.dds
mod.tyoda.kingdomsails.sail.abra = sails/sail.wom?sailMat.texture=abra.dds
mod.tyoda.kingdomsails.sail.comm = sails/sail.wom?sailMat.texture=comm.dds
mod.tyoda.kingdomsails.sail.valh = sails/sail.wom?sailMat.texture=valh.dds
mod.tyoda.kingdomsails.sail.free = sails/sail.wom?sailMat.texture=free.dds


model.structure.boat.caravel.jenn = caravels/caravel.wom?caravel.texture=jenn.dds
model.structure.boat.caravel.molr = caravels/caravel.wom?caravel.texture=molr.dds
model.structure.boat.caravel.hots = caravels/caravel.wom?caravel.texture=hots.dds
model.structure.boat.caravel.zjen = caravels/caravel.wom?caravel.texture=zjen.dds
model.structure.boat.caravel.empi = caravels/caravel.wom?caravel.texture=empi.dds
model.structure.boat.caravel.blac = caravels/caravel.wom?caravel.texture=blac.dds
model.structure.boat.caravel.ebon = caravels/caravel.wom?caravel.texture=ebon.dds
model.structure.boat.caravel.king = caravels/caravel.wom?caravel.texture=king.dds
model.structure.boat.caravel.ther = caravels/caravel.wom?caravel.texture=ther.dds
model.structure.boat.caravel.mace = caravels/caravel.wom?caravel.texture=mace.dds
model.structure.boat.caravel.drea = caravels/caravel.wom?caravel.texture=drea.dds
model.structure.boat.caravel.thec = caravels/caravel.wom?caravel.texture=thec.dds
model.structure.boat.caravel.pand = caravels/caravel.wom?caravel.texture=pand.dds
model.structure.boat.caravel.legi = caravels/caravel.wom?caravel.texture=legi.dds
model.structure.boat.caravel.wurm = caravels/caravel.wom?caravel.texture=wurm.dds
model.structure.boat.caravel.yval = caravels/caravel.wom?caravel.texture=yval.dds
model.structure.boat.caravel.apoc = caravels/caravel.wom?caravel.texture=apoc.dds
model.structure.boat.caravel.abra = caravels/caravel.wom?caravel.texture=abra.dds
model.structure.boat.caravel.comm = caravels/caravel.wom?caravel.texture=comm.dds
model.structure.boat.caravel.valh = caravels/caravel.wom?caravel.texture=valh.dds
model.structure.boat.caravel.free = caravels/caravel.wom?caravel.texture=free.dds

model.structure.boat.corbita.jenn = corbitas/corbita.wom?corbita.texture=jenn.dds
model.structure.boat.corbita.molr = corbitas/corbita.wom?corbita.texture=molr.dds
model.structure.boat.corbita.hots = corbitas/corbita.wom?corbita.texture=hots.dds
model.structure.boat.corbita.zjen = corbitas/corbita.wom?corbita.texture=zjen.dds
model.structure.boat.corbita.empi = corbitas/corbita.wom?corbita.texture=empi.dds
model.structure.boat.corbita.blac = corbitas/corbita.wom?corbita.texture=blac.dds
model.structure.boat.corbita.ebon = corbitas/corbita.wom?corbita.texture=ebon.dds
model.structure.boat.corbita.king = corbitas/corbita.wom?corbita.texture=king.dds
model.structure.boat.corbita.ther = corbitas/corbita.wom?corbita.texture=ther.dds
model.structure.boat.corbita.mace = corbitas/corbita.wom?corbita.texture=mace.dds
model.structure.boat.corbita.drea = corbitas/corbita.wom?corbita.texture=drea.dds
model.structure.boat.corbita.thec = corbitas/corbita.wom?corbita.texture=thec.dds
model.structure.boat.corbita.pand = corbitas/corbita.wom?corbita.texture=pand.dds
model.structure.boat.corbita.legi = corbitas/corbita.wom?corbita.texture=legi.dds
model.structure.boat.corbita.wurm = corbitas/corbita.wom?corbita.texture=wurm.dds
model.structure.boat.corbita.yval = corbitas/corbita.wom?corbita.texture=yval.dds
model.structure.boat.corbita.apoc = corbitas/corbita.wom?corbita.texture=apoc.dds
model.structure.boat.corbita.abra = corbitas/corbita.wom?corbita.texture=abra.dds
model.structure.boat.corbita.comm = corbitas/corbita.wom?corbita.texture=comm.dds
model.structure.boat.corbita.valh = corbitas/corbita.wom?corbita.texture=valh.dds
model.structure.boat.corbita.free = corbitas/corbita.wom?corbita.texture=free.dds

model.structure.boat.knarr.jenn = knarrs/knarr.wom?knarr.texture=jenn.dds
model.structure.boat.knarr.molr = knarrs/knarr.wom?knarr.texture=molr.dds
model.structure.boat.knarr.hots = knarrs/knarr.wom?knarr.texture=hots.dds
model.structure.boat.knarr.zjen = knarrs/knarr.wom?knarr.texture=zjen.dds
model.structure.boat.knarr.empi = knarrs/knarr.wom?knarr.texture=empi.dds
model.structure.boat.knarr.blac = knarrs/knarr.wom?knarr.texture=blac.dds
model.structure.boat.knarr.ebon = knarrs/knarr.wom?knarr.texture=ebon.dds
model.structure.boat.knarr.king = knarrs/knarr.wom?knarr.texture=king.dds
model.structure.boat.knarr.ther = knarrs/knarr.wom?knarr.texture=ther.dds
model.structure.boat.knarr.mace = knarrs/knarr.wom?knarr.texture=mace.dds
model.structure.boat.knarr.drea = knarrs/knarr.wom?knarr.texture=drea.dds
model.structure.boat.knarr.thec = knarrs/knarr.wom?knarr.texture=thec.dds
model.structure.boat.knarr.pand = knarrs/knarr.wom?knarr.texture=pand.dds
model.structure.boat.knarr.legi = knarrs/knarr.wom?knarr.texture=legi.dds
model.structure.boat.knarr.wurm = knarrs/knarr.wom?knarr.texture=wurm.dds
model.structure.boat.knarr.yval = knarrs/knarr.wom?knarr.texture=yval.dds
model.structure.boat.knarr.apoc = knarrs/knarr.wom?knarr.texture=apoc.dds
model.structure.boat.knarr.abra = knarrs/knarr.wom?knarr.texture=abra.dds
model.structure.boat.knarr.comm = knarrs/knarr.wom?knarr.texture=comm.dds
model.structure.boat.knarr.valh = knarrs/knarr.wom?knarr.texture=valh.dds
model.structure.boat.knarr.free = knarrs/knarr.wom?knarr.texture=free.dds

model.structure.small.boat.sailing.jenn = sailingships/sailingship.wom?ship.texture=jenn.dds
model.structure.small.boat.sailing.molr = sailingships/sailingship.wom?ship.texture=molr.dds
model.structure.small.boat.sailing.hots = sailingships/sailingship.wom?ship.texture=hots.dds
model.structure.small.boat.sailing.zjen = sailingships/sailingship.wom?ship.texture=zjen.dds
model.structure.small.boat.sailing.empi = sailingships/sailingship.wom?ship.texture=empi.dds
model.structure.small.boat.sailing.blac = sailingships/sailingship.wom?ship.texture=blac.dds
model.structure.small.boat.sailing.ebon = sailingships/sailingship.wom?ship.texture=ebon.dds
model.structure.small.boat.sailing.king = sailingships/sailingship.wom?ship.texture=king.dds
model.structure.small.boat.sailing.ther = sailingships/sailingship.wom?ship.texture=ther.dds
model.structure.small.boat.sailing.mace = sailingships/sailingship.wom?ship.texture=mace.dds
model.structure.small.boat.sailing.drea = sailingships/sailingship.wom?ship.texture=drea.dds
model.structure.small.boat.sailing.thec = sailingships/sailingship.wom?ship.texture=thec.dds
model.structure.small.boat.sailing.pand = sailingships/sailingship.wom?ship.texture=pand.dds
model.structure.small.boat.sailing.legi = sailingships/sailingship.wom?ship.texture=legi.dds
model.structure.small.boat.sailing.wurm = sailingships/sailingship.wom?ship.texture=wurm.dds
model.structure.small.boat.sailing.yval = sailingships/sailingship.wom?ship.texture=yval.dds
model.structure.small.boat.sailing.apoc = sailingships/sailingship.wom?ship.texture=apoc.dds
model.structure.small.boat.sailing.abra = sailingships/sailingship.wom?ship.texture=abra.dds
model.structure.small.boat.sailing.comm = sailingships/sailingship.wom?ship.texture=comm.dds
model.structure.small.boat.sailing.valh = sailingships/sailingship.wom?ship.texture=valh.dds
model.structure.small.boat.sailing.free = sailingships/sailingship.wom?ship.texture=free.dds

model.structure.boat.cog.jenn = cogs/cog.wom?cog.texture=jenn.dds
model.structure.boat.cog.molr = cogs/cog.wom?cog.texture=molr.dds
model.structure.boat.cog.hots = cogs/cog.wom?cog.texture=hots.dds
model.structure.boat.cog.zjen = cogs/cog.wom?cog.texture=zjen.dds
model.structure.boat.cog.empi = cogs/cog.wom?cog.texture=empi.dds
model.structure.boat.cog.blac = cogs/cog.wom?cog.texture=blac.dds
model.structure.boat.cog.ebon = cogs/cog.wom?cog.texture=ebon.dds
model.structure.boat.cog.king = cogs/cog.wom?cog.texture=king.dds
model.structure.boat.cog.ther = cogs/cog.wom?cog.texture=ther.dds
model.structure.boat.cog.mace = cogs/cog.wom?cog.texture=mace.dds
model.structure.boat.cog.drea = cogs/cog.wom?cog.texture=drea.dds
model.structure.boat.cog.thec = cogs/cog.wom?cog.texture=thec.dds
model.structure.boat.cog.pand = cogs/cog.wom?cog.texture=pand.dds
model.structure.boat.cog.legi = cogs/cog.wom?cog.texture=legi.dds
model.structure.boat.cog.wurm = cogs/cog.wom?cog.texture=wurm.dds
model.structure.boat.cog.yval = cogs/cog.wom?cog.texture=yval.dds
model.structure.boat.cog.apoc = cogs/cog.wom?cog.texture=apoc.dds
model.structure.boat.cog.abra = cogs/cog.wom?cog.texture=abra.dds
model.structure.boat.cog.comm = cogs/cog.wom?cog.texture=comm.dds
model.structure.boat.cog.valh = cogs/cog.wom?cog.texture=valh.dds
model.structure.boat.cog.free = cogs/cog.wom?cog.texture=free.dds